![Hello peeps, it is I , Artemie. I'm a huge Scav fan (and love live, but that's not important right now) One of my favorite parts of the community is the fan games What is your true trait? as you might remember from the showcases a while back, well don't worry there back It may be that you are intelligent and cunning, in a new more informational form. perhaps even being shy, but keeping The setting is in early beginnings of technological boom. all your smart thoughts If advanced technology had origin story, inside your head. I'd like to think Artemie would fit that. Hi~(star) it's me Artemie, missed me haha~(star) W-wha!?!? You didn't (ToT). Artemie definitely shows examples of traits Well let's get to my section. throughout all characters. Scav 2023 version uses gen 3 graphics specifically IRL 576M graphics, but it uses a CandyLand aesthetic. The cavity inducing scenery is super cute from the ice cream cone trees to the candy tile roads, everything looks so sweet and adorable. Also the roster of new Pokemon... Wait, there's no Pokemon? Then what is there...? Items? With the evidence that I am about to support, Okay then, the roster of completely new Items are so fresh and creative, adorable and funny expecially Psyduck's sweetverse version, my claim or theme of this Artemie he's stuck in a pie how unconventional lol. A-anyways the Items and environments and Music give this new region a completely new vibe from any Scav List or mini series game. is that appearances I rate the presentation a Toasty out of bread~(star) can often be misleading.](/assets/images/bios23/artemiebio.png "What is your true trait?")